✏️ First draft of co-writing blog post (#105)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.us: _drafts/2023-05-23-virtual-co-writing.md

---
author: Tim Schilling
category: General
date: 2023-05-23 12:00:00
image: /static/img/blog/djangocon_us_earlybird_pricing_2023.png
layout: post
post_photo_alt: Organizers at DjangoCon US 2022 in San Diego preparing before the conference. But it looks like they could be co-writing!
post_photo_url: /static/img/blog/djangocon_us_organizers_2022.jpg
title: DjangoCon US virtual co-writing
---

Do you want to write more? Do you want an introduction to other Djangonauts? Then perhaps you should attend the virtual co-writing sessions at DjangoCon US this year!

The purpose of these sessions is to help folks write and be introduced to others in the community. These sessions draw inspiration from [Sumana Harihareswara and Jacob Kaplan-Moss' writing accountability team](https://jacobian.org/2021/mar/9/coworking-to-write-more/). These sessions will be focused on helping people write by providing some light structure.

Here's how our sessions will operate:

- Days: Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday (Oct 17-19)

> - Start time: [7:30am (US/Eastern)](https://time.is/0730_17_Oct_2023_in_Durham)

Reviewer: the pedant in me wants to note that `US/Eastern` is a deprecated IANA time zone :D

Author: Womp womp. I hate using CST and CDT since I'm lazy. Would US/New York work?

- Duration: 60 minutes
  - 5 minutes of introductions and explanation of what you'll be writing.
  - 45 minutes of silent writing (mute your microphones)
  - 5-10 minutes of discussion of session, efforts, socialization.
- Audio only - It's going to be early in the morning for some folks.
- Code of conduct will be in effect.

> - Open to any conference goer, in-person or online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open to any conference ticket-holder, whether in-person or online.
```
